AnnotateVcf,CellBaseR-method
                        AnnotateVcf
CellBaseParam           A Constructor for the CellBaseParam Object
CellBaseParam-class     CellBaseParam Class
CellBaseR               CellBaseR
CellBaseR-class         CellBaseR Class
cellbaseR-package       cellbaseR
createGeneModel         createGeneModel
getCaddScores           getCaddScores
getCellBase,CellBaseR-method
                        getCellBase
getCellBaseResourceHelp
                        getCellBaseResourceHelp
getChromosomeInfo,CellBaseR-method
                        getChromosomeInfo
getClinical,CellBaseR-method
                        getClinical
getClinicalByGene       getClinicalByGene
getClinicalByRegion     getClinicalByRegion
getConservationByRegion
                        getConservationByRegion
getGene,CellBaseR-method
                        getGene
getGeneInfo             getGeneInfo
getMeta,CellBaseR-method
                        getMeta
getProtein,CellBaseR-method
                        getProtein
getProteinInfo          getProteinInfo
getRegion,CellBaseR-method
                        getRegion
getRegulatoryByRegion   getRegulatoryByRegion
getSnp,CellBaseR-method
                        getSnp
getSnpByGene            getSnpByGene
getTf,CellBaseR-method
                        getTf
getTfbsByRegion         getTfbsByRegion
getTranscript,CellBaseR-method
                        getTranscript
getTranscriptByGene     getTranscriptByGene
getVariant,CellBaseR-method
                        getVariant
getVariantAnnotation    getVariantAnnotation
getXref,CellBaseR-method
                        getXref
